All right, so the next section is a
worksheet that I call the mask exercise.
Okay.
In it, we're going to identify some of
the masks that we wear most often so
we can expose them for what they are.
We will figure out what we think the
mask is gaining us, and what we're
afraid will happen if we show the
truth of who we are underneath it.
So by looking at these masks,
we'll begin to unveil our truest
selves maybe for the first time.
And I wanna warn you, depending on
how deep you go, this might get hard.
Okay?
Like really, really hard.
You may want to avoid what you find.
And I'll tell you from experience,
the first time I took a peek beneath
my mask, I realized how deeply
unhappy I was in my marriage.
I had to acknowledge that I was only
in it because I was afraid of what
people would think about me if I left,
what I would think about me if I left.
I argued with the truth saying,
I don't want to be this.
I just said it over and over
until I couldn't deny it anymore.
That's what happened in my story.
That was the mask I had to take off.
And your mask might be different, it
might be gentler or even harder, but
removing the mask is the first step
on your quest to authentic living.
And I hope that you find, uh,
what's beneath yours is less
dramatic than ending a marriage.
But I want to encourage you to be
honest with whatever you find, and to
meet it with honesty and compassion.
You're not here to pretend anymore.
You're here for the truth.
Be gentle with yourself
and be honest, okay?
This exercise is not meant
to create shame or self-hate.
It's meant to expose the
truth so you can move forward.
So once you've completed the exercise,
come back here to the next video
where we'll go through a practice that
integrates our masks with compassion.
Alright, I'll see you on the other side.